m if we find that fall suits them perfectly especially with the
fall grazing
I am a farmer myself have followed all the necessary training
so I still have a close relationship with agriculture and
appreciate being able to sell farmers for questions of a
mans drilling
a constantly evolving field
it's clear I'm a graduate farmer at the time so you do not have to
look for someone who is involved in poultry production
they lie to present the club in question I immediately thought
that it would be something that would suit me
I have been practicing this profession for several years now.
besides the pleasure
mistrust
havoc one is outside and can organize one's own schedule
that's what I appreciate
according to media
this is for a brief personal overview in the daily work of our
three main actors
we find ourselves here on the guilloteau operation ever made
tomassi friendly fine arts in the canton of thurgau the family must
be exploitable area of ​​14 hectares and a half according to the guidelines of
biological agriculture
this is where we come from is which country to the rich but there are some who are rather
the challenge is to respect the limits on
for hageman deconcentrate
which must not exceed 10% of the total dry matter manage it
he had made his reputation his escape
a little wet he killed about 38% of ms formatted
in 2004 the bolt family realized a first henhouse for all acts
4000 places
from the beginning like a dime have them a technical facility it be
perfectly rational
only a new construction therefore brings into question
we watched what was done in conventional we then
consulted the biological guidelines and we are asked
what can we do to make the building simple from the point of view
technical
that the organic guidelines are satisfied and that the bulls is carried
well
ulfa advisers are familiar with the demands of agriculture
biological approach to animal production
in women the manufacture of organic food is an integral part
an extensive benefits program
and is a daily activity
paris has in the past in this instance
what I appreciate about women
is that the internal support within the company works well
it gives me confidence in the latter it allows me to worry
everything that is important to the farmer
in addition to the use of a good feed
they are part of the important elements for the farmer the network
relationships with marketing organizations
the authorities the builders to pray and the bodies of advice and
neutral experts external and would have it by the parrots surely
this network of relationships provides access to multiple services
easier partner organizations are able to offer
which is also interesting for the farmer
tomaz boltz buys his food directly from the band
vanquished and can one time even delivered seemed chop
marketing organizations such case nycomed illico gets involved
also actively support producers in the logot market and
regularly sees new flow channels
currently the market still needs new producers of organic pigs and
poultry block
in the bolen family his relationship with martin made Pharaoh kheops allowed a
additional development
five years
based on the trust we developed during the
construction of the first and thomassin tables still built a
second table it is quite exceptional that someone reacts from
big projects in four years
for thomas arises collaboration with ufa works well
once is active on the market we are also heavily subject to
market at least it is therefore an inseparable link